docs: add TIB for VaultExitBundlesV1 in-kind redemption (#909)
morpho-org/sdks: docs/tibs/TIB-2026-07-27-vault-exit-in-kind-redemption.md

The contract is **not modular**. Unlike bundler3, the call sequence is fixed and auditable rather
than crafted off-chain, and its entry points are meant to be called by EOAs directly. That is a good
fit for the SDK's Action layer: there is exactly one function call to encode, and all the difficulty
moves to *deciding whether the call will succeed*.

That difficulty is real. The in-kind loop is a bare `for (uint256 i; assetsToDeallocate > 0; i++)`
over a caller-supplied array with **no bound on `i`** — under-supply the market list and the
transaction dies with a raw `panic 0x32`, no custom error, no clue. Several other failure modes are
just as opaque: an ERC-20 transfer reverting inside a Morpho callback because Blue's token balance
is momentarily short, a vault gate rejecting the bundler as an asset recipient, an allowance
underflow because the penalty leg consumed more than the caller sized for. None of these are
guessable from the revert data.

This TIB freezes the decision for integrating the two **in-kind redemption** entry points, and for
the pre-flight validation that turns those opaque failures into named SDK errors.

## Goals / Non-Goals

**Goals**

> - Add `vaultV1InKindRedemption` and `vaultV2InKindRedemption` to `morpho-sdk` as pure, synchronous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `vaultV1InKindRedeem` and `vaultV2InKindRedeem` to `morpho-sdk` as pure, synchronous
```
